[Elastic] Update README.md and recommend using of the `otlp` exporter (#3700)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/elasticexporter/README.md

# Elastic native support for OpenTelemetry

ℹ️ Since version 7.13, Elastic supports native OTLP ingestion. This means you can use an [OTLP exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/exporter/otlpexporter) to send data to Elastic, instead of the OpenTelemetry Collector Exporter for Elastic. **The `otlp` exporter is the recommended way to integrate the OpenTelemetry Collector to Elastic.**

For more details, see the [Elastic documentation to integrate with OpenTelemetry](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/get-started/current/open-telemetry-elastic.html).

## Sample configurations

> ### Sample configuration using an Elastic APM Server Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sample configuration using an Elastic APM Secret Token
```

> When authenticating with an [Elastic APM Server Token](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/server/current/secret-token.html), define an `Authorization: "Bearer xxx"` header on the OTLP exporter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When authenticating with an [Elastic APM Secret Token](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/server/current/secret-token.html), define an `Authorization: "Bearer xxx"` header on the OTLP exporter:
```

```yaml
...
exporters:
  otlp/elastic:
      endpoint: "xxx.elastic-cloud.com:443"
      headers:

>           Authorization: "Bearer your-apm-server-token"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Authorization: "Bearer your-apm-secret-token"
```

# Elastic native support for OpenTelemetry

> ℹ️ Since version 7.13, Elastic supports OTLP ingest directly. The native OTLP support of Elastic is the recommended integration. This means you can use an [OTLP exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/exporter/otlpexporter) and no longer need the OpenTelemetry Collector Exporter for Elastic to send data to Elastic.
> 
> **The `otlp` exporter is the recommended solution to integrate the OpenTelemetry Collector to Elastic.**

Reviewer 2: These two paragraphs are tough for me. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
ℹ️ Since version 7.13, Elastic supports native OTLP ingestion. This means you can use an [OTLP exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/exporter/otlpexporter) to send data to Elastic, instead of the OpenTelemetry Collector Exporter for Elastic. **The `otlp` exporter is the recommended way to integrate the OpenTelemetry Collector to Elastic.**
```

When authenticating with an [Elastic APM Server Token](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/server/current/secret-token.html), define an `Authorization: "Bearer xxx"` header on the OTLP exporter:

```yaml
...
exporters:
  otlp/elastic:
      endpoint: "xxx.elastic-cloud.com:443"
      headers:
          Authorization: "Bearer your-apm-server-token"
service:
  pipelines:
    metrics:
      receivers:
        - otlp
      processors:
        - batch
      exporters:
        - otlp/elastic
    traces:
      receivers:
        - otlp
      processors:
        - batch
      exporters:
        - otlp/elastic
```

### Sample configuration using an Elastic API Key

When authenticating with an [Elastic API Key](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/server/current/api-key.html), define an `Authorization: "ApiKey xxx"` header on the OTLP exporter:

```yaml
exporters:
  otlp/elastic:
      endpoint: "xxx.elastic-cloud.com:443"
      headers:
          Authorization: "ApiKey your-api-key"
...
```

### Sample configuration for an insecure setup disabling TLS and authentication

```yaml
exporters:
  otlp/elastic:
      endpoint: "localhost:8200"
      insecure: true
```

## Migration

> ℹ️ The native support of OpenTelemetry by Elastic doesn't remove the architectural benefits of using the OpenTelemetry Collector in the observability architectures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ℹ️ The native support of OpenTelemetry by Elastic doesn't remove the architectural benefits of using the OpenTelemetry Collector in observability architectures.
```

> The OpenTelemetry Collector continues to add high availability, scalability, retries, live reconfiguration (sampling...), data enrichment, ingestion of various protocols such as Jaeger or Zipkin...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OpenTelemetry Collector continues to add high availability, scalability, retries, live reconfiguration (like with sampling), data enrichment, ingestion of various protocols such as Jaeger or Zipkin, etc.
```

> To migrate from the legacy OpenTelemetry Collector exporter for Elastic to the native support of OpenTelemetry in Elastic, replace in the OpenTelemetry Collector the `elastic` exporter by an `otlp` exporter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To migrate from the legacy OpenTelemetry Collector exporter for Elastic to the native support of OpenTelemetry in Elastic, replace the OpenTelemetry Collector's `elastic` exporter with an `otlp` exporter.
```

Sample migration:

```yaml
...
exporters:

  ## REMOVE THE DEFINITION OF THE `ELASTIC` EXPORTER
  # elastic:
  #      apm_server_url: "https://elasticapm.example.com"
  #      secret_token: "hunter2"

  ## INTRODUCE THE DEFINITION OF AN `OTLP` EXPORTER (SAME ELASTIC HOST, SAME AUTHENTICATION TOKEN OR KEY, DON'T FORGET TO SPECIFY THE LISTEN PORT)
  otlp/elastic:
      endpoint: "xxx.elastic-cloud.com:443"
      headers:
          Authorization: "Bearer hunter2"
service:
  pipelines:
    metrics:
      receivers:
        - otlp
      processors:
        - batch
      exporters:
      
        ## REMOVE THE `ELASTIC` EXPORTER
        # - elastic
        
        ## ADD THE `OTLP` EXPORTER
        - otlp/elastic
    traces:
      receivers:
        - otlp
      processors:
        - batch
      exporters:
      
        ## REMOVE THE `ELASTIC` EXPORTER
        # - elastic
        
        ## ADD THE `OTLP` EXPORTER
        - otlp/elastic
```

> # Legacy OpenTelemetry Collector Exporter for Elastic

Reviewer 2: L114-139 is a duplicate of L140-164

Author: duplication fixed
